I'm here to play, not thin, sign directly
It's embarrassing to bring this junk in the door
I don't want to go in there.
I'll be here waiting for you to let Mr. Chen trim his appearance
The problem is that he said he will never forgive you.
Let him come out and see you in person and say you don't want to do it specially
Don't worry.
Go pack my sister's things and send them back
Thousands of people came out to meet me security
If you have any conscience
Just let me go
sister
Give me something
You are starving
Don't starve to death
Except for so much why
Why is that?
I didn't even have a chance to compete on land
From the moment you tried to force me to stay
It's been completely lost
Very annoying
I just hate it.
And the little girl who likes her sister
I'm not telling the truth
sister
What are you doing, sister, don't mess around
Tianyu